gifsicle: update page (#8403)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gifsicle.md

# gifsicle

> GIF manipulator.
> More information: <https://www.lcdf.org/gifsicle>.

- Optimize a GIF as a new file:

> `gifsicle {{anim.gif}} --optimize=3 -o {{optimized.gif}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gifsicle {{path/to/input.gif}} --optimize=3 -o {{path/to/optimized.gif}}`
```

Could you please apply this syntax throughout.

Author: Sure thing!

> - Unoptimize a GIF directly:

Reviewer 2: How about `inplace`
```suggestion
- Unoptimize a GIF inplace:
```

Author: Ah, good idea.

`gifsicle -b {{path/to/input.gif}} --unoptimize`

> - Extract a frame from an animation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extract a frame from a GIF:
```

Author: I think what the original author was implying was this stuff only matters for animated GIFs. But I agree with this. I'm gonna commit your suggestions and make another rework.

`gifsicle {{path/to/input.gif}} '#{{0}}' > {{path/to/firstframe.gif}}`

- Make a GIF animation from selected still/animated GIFs:

> `gifsicle {{*.gif}} --delay={{10}} --loop > {{path/to/input.gif}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gifsicle {{*.gif}} --delay={{10}} --loop > {{path/to/output.gif}}`
```

Author: Good catch.

Author: Oh, I guess I could have used the "commit suggestion" feature. Sorry, new at this.

Reviewer: No problem, it doesn't matter, as long as a commit history is there so reviewed changes can be seen.

> - Reduce file size using multiple methods at the expense of quality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce file size using compression:
```

Author: That's fair, although I don't really think of reducing the number of colors as traditional compression. What do you think of "multiple compression methods". Or maybe "several" instead of "multiple".

Author: On second thought, I think this is good.

`gifsicle -b {{path/to/input.gif}} --optimize=3 --lossy={{100}} --colors={{16}} --dither`

> - Delete the first 10 frames and all frames after #20 from a GIF:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the first 10 frames and all frames after frame 20 from a GIF:
```

Would rather be consistent here.

> - Delete the first 10 frames and all frames after #20 from an animation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the first 10 frames and all frames after #20 from a GIF:
```

> - Delete the first 10 frames and all frames after #20 from an animation. There are editing options to insert, append and replace as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the first 10 frames and all frames after #20 from an animation.:
```

Although useful, it is not the place.

Author: There seems to be some [upstream issue](https://github.com/kohler/gifsicle/issues/186) where these flags can't be used together. So what I was trying to imply with that line was that the `--delete` flag could pretty easily be replaced with any of the other three editing options.

Author: I'll just submit an edit in the future with a line that uses multiple flags at once, when the issue is fixed.

Reviewer: you could change the command to {{--delete|--append|--insert|--replace}}

Author: No problem. The flags aren't *quite* interchangeable, even though they're similar. That was a good idea though.

`gifsicle -b {{path/to/input.gif}} --delete '#{{0-9}}' '#{{20-}}'`

> - Modify an animation with various transformations. Put these before the animation filename to avoid specifying frame ranges:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify an animation with various transformations:
```

Again, although useful, it doesn't meet the style of pages.

Author: I wish there was reason to include it; the rest of the examples place the flags after the filename, but this is the first place ordering is important. I was kinda playing off the style of `ffmpeg`'s page here.

Author: What about this? It's a more subtle implication.

```suggestion
- Modify all frames in a GIF with transformation options:
```

Reviewer: Its better, lets see what others think @navarroaxel @kbdharun

Reviewer 3: Perhaps
```suggestion
- Modify all frames from a GIF file using specific transformation options:
```

Author: I like that, thank you.

Author: ```suggestion
- Modify all frames of a GIF using specific transformation options:
```

Reviewer: I think you can go ahead and commit your suggestion @CairnThePerson

Author: Ah, thanks for the ping.
